docs: clarify route middleware doesn't affect API routes (#33643)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/07.routing.md

Route middleware runs within the Vue part of your Nuxt app. Despite the similar name, they are completely different from server middleware, which are run in the Nitro server part of your app.
::

::important

> Route middleware does **not** run for API routes (`/api/*`) or other server requests. To handle server requests, use [server middleware](/docs/4.x/guide/directory-structure/server#server-middleware) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route middleware does **not** run for server routes (e.g. `/api/*`) or other server requests. To apply middleware to these requests, use [server middleware](/docs/4.x/guide/directory-structure/server#server-middleware) instead.
```
